There once was a human that wanted to go on an adventure. The human was eager to try something new, but didn't feel creative enough to come up with their own adventure.  The human decided to hire an adventure guide, but not just any adventure guide... a cuddly one. The human wanted to feel safe during the adventure, so having a cuddly guide was the best of both an exciting, new world and a sense of security. The cuddly guide was a koala bear named Fuzz.  The human and Fuzz started their adventure in a mysterious jungle on a nearby planet called Repo of the Milky Way Galaxy.
As Fuzz prepared their pacts he thought about the human. What was his name? Fuzz couldn't remember if his life depended on it. It was just as well. He didn't want to get too attached to the man. It'd taken him so long he had almost lost hope. Finally, finally he'd found someone to bring back to Repo. His masters had not been pleased with his progress but that was all about to change. This man was the key. Stupid man, thinking a safe fun adventure came in such cute cuddly package wrapped in a bow. He fingered the bowtie he'd found on Earth. Yes, this was working out quite nicely. 
As they journeyed deeper into the jungle, the trees and sounds of the animals started to fade and gave way to a more city like landscape. First, the path went from dirt to loose gravel, then to asphalt. The human thought nothing of this at the time, but slowly the chirps of the birds and the rustling of leaves turned to a less natural, more mechanical sound, almost like the hums and whirrs of machinery in a factory. Soon, the path was a neat, paved sidewalk, and next to the sidewalk was a chain link fence. Fuzz was hoping the human wasn't becoming too suspicous, afterall, he had told him that this planet was uninhabited. Much to Fuzz's chagrin, the human became quite concerned at the change in scenery and asked Fuzz, "what's behind the fence?" Fuzz's eyes went from a calming green to startling bright red, and when the human looked back at the path they'd came from, he saw more koalas that looked far less cuddly with beaming red eyes, patchy fur, and sharp teeth. As Fuzz began to answer, the human became terrified...
These weren't koalas at all, or at least not like the ones he'd remembered. And, he realized that many of them were glancing back and forth between him and a large metal pot near the fence. Yes, he realized as his stomach dropped, they were going to boil him alive.
La fin!
